Update get-started-logs-context.mdx (#19161)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/logs-context/get-started-logs-context.mdx

  src="/images/logs_screenshot-crop_logging-metrics.webp"
/>

> This chart shows a count of logs. If you haven't disabled the log forwarding, you can click on the chart links that will take you to the logs themselves. Even if you turn off the log forwarding, this chart still shows the potential logs you could inspect if you had APM log forwarding enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart shows a count of logs. If you haven't disabled log forwarding, you can click on the chart links that will take you to the logs themselves. Even if you disable log forwarding, this chart still shows the potential logs you could inspect if you had log forwarding enabled.
```
